d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\library\varcheckhiilib\varcheckhiigenfromfv.c(231) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'VfrBinBaseAddress' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\variable\runtimedxe\variabledxe.c(436) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'FvbProtocol' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\library\varcheckhiilib\varcheckhiigenfromfv.c(231) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'VfrBinBaseAddress' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\variable\runtimedxe\variablesmm.c(926) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'FvbProtocol' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\variable\runtimedxe\variablesmm.c(926) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'FvbProtocol' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\library\varcheckhiilib\varcheckhiigenfromfv.c(231) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'VfrBinBaseAddress' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\variable\runtimedxe\variabledxe.c(436) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'FvbProtocol' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\library\varcheckhiilib\varcheckhiigenfromfv.c(231) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'VfrBinBaseAddress' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\variable\runtimedxe\variablesmm.c(926) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'FvbProtocol' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\variable\runtimedxe\variablesmm.c(926) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'FvbProtocol' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\pismmcore\smramprofilerecord.c(2291) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'EntryPointInImage' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\pismmcore\pool.c(312) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'FreePoolHdr' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\pismmcore\smramprofilerecord.c(419) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DriverInfoData' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\pismmcore\smramprofilerecord.c(2262) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'EntryPointInImage' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\pismmcore\memoryattributestable.c(1295) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'HandleBuffer' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\pismmcore\pismmcore.c(456) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'SxDispatch' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\pismmcore\smramprofilerecord.c(2291) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'EntryPointInImage' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\pismmcore\pool.c(312) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'FreePoolHdr' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\pismmcore\smramprofilerecord.c(419) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DriverInfoData' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\pismmcore\smramprofilerecord.c(2262) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'EntryPointInImage' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\pismmcore\memoryattributestable.c(1295) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'HandleBuffer' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\pismmcore\pismmcore.c(456) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'SxDispatch' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\ebcdxe\ebcdebugger\edbcmdsymbol.c(823) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'BufferPtr' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\ebcdxe\ebcdebugger\edbcmdsymbol.c(746) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Buffer' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\ebcdxe\ebcdebugger\edbcmdsymbol.c(612) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'BufferPtr' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\ebcdxe\ebcdebugger\edbcmdsymbol.c(823) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'BufferPtr' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\ebcdxe\ebcdebugger\edbcmdsymbol.c(612) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'BufferPtr' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\ebcdxe\ebcdebugger\edbcmdsymbol.c(746) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Buffer' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\dxe\mem\memoryprofilerecord.c(418) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DriverInfoData' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\dxe\gcd\gcd.c(905) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'BottomEntry' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\dxe\sectionextraction\coresectionextraction.c(777) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Decompress' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\dxe\fwvol\fwvol.c(629) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Handle' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\dxe\fwvol\fwvol.c(642) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'FwVolHeader' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\network\mnpdxe\mnpmain.c(563) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'PktBuf' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\network\mnpdxe\mnpmain.c(563) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'PktBuf' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\dxe\mem\memoryprofilerecord.c(418) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DriverInfoData' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\smbiosdxe\smbiosdxe.c(1405) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Eps' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\smbiosdxe\smbiosdxe.c(1412) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Eps64Bit' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\dxe\gcd\gcd.c(905) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'BottomEntry' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\dxe\sectionextraction\coresectionextraction.c(777) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Decompress' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\dxe\fwvol\fwvol.c(629) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Handle' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\core\dxe\fwvol\fwvol.c(642) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'FwVolHeader' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\smbiosdxe\smbiosdxe.c(1405) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Eps' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\smbiosdxe\smbiosdxe.c(1412) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Eps64Bit' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\network\ip4dxe\ip4config2nv.c(1351) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'MacString' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\disk\udfdxe\filesystemoperations.c(1575) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'CompareFileEntry' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\network\ip4dxe\ip4config2nv.c(1351) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'MacString' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\disk\udfdxe\filesystemoperations.c(1575) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'CompareFileEntry' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\string.c(969) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'StringBlockAddr' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\string.c(662) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'StringBlockAddr' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\configrouting.c(5347) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DevicePath' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\configkeywordhandler.c(2892) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'NextStringPtr' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\configkeywordhandler.c(2955) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DataBaseRecord' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\configkeywordhandler.c(3209) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'NextStringPtr' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\configkeywordhandler.c(3239) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DataBaseRecord' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\database.c(3516) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DatabaseRecord' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\string.c(662) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'StringBlockAddr' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\string.c(969) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'StringBlockAddr' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\configrouting.c(5347) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DevicePath' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\configkeywordhandler.c(2892) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'NextStringPtr' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\configkeywordhandler.c(2955) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DataBaseRecord' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\configkeywordhandler.c(3209) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'NextStringPtr' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\configkeywordhandler.c(3239) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DataBaseRecord' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\universal\hiidatabasedxe\database.c(3516) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DatabaseRecord' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\application\uiapp\frontpagecustomizeduisupport.c(528) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Buffer' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\library\bootmaintenancemanageruilib\bootmaintenancemanagercustomizeduisupport.c(324) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Buffer' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\nondiscoverablepcidevicedxe\nondiscoverablepcideviceio.c(345) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Desc' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\nondiscoverablepcidevicedxe\nondiscoverablepcideviceio.c(914) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'AllocAddress' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\nondiscoverablepcidevicedxe\nondiscoverablepcideviceio.c(1388) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'BarDesc' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\nondiscoverablepcidevicedxe\nondiscoverablepcideviceio.c(258) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Desc' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\nondiscoverablepcidevicedxe\nondiscoverablepcideviceio.c(1099) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'AllocAddress' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\nondiscoverablepcidevicedxe\nondiscoverablepcideviceio.c(345) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Desc' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\nondiscoverablepcidevicedxe\nondiscoverablepcideviceio.c(258) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Desc' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\nondiscoverablepcidevicedxe\nondiscoverablepcideviceio.c(914) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'AllocAddress' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\nondiscoverablepcidevicedxe\nondiscoverablepcideviceio.c(1388) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'BarDesc' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\nondiscoverablepcidevicedxe\nondiscoverablepcideviceio.c(1099) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'AllocAddress' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\application\uiapp\frontpagecustomizeduisupport.c(528) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Buffer' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\library\bootmaintenancemanageruilib\bootmaintenancemanagercustomizeduisupport.c(324) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Buffer' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\ata\ahcipei\ahcimode.c(1327) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Mapping' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\ata\ahcipei\ahcimode.c(1327) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Mapping' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\uhcipei\uhcpeim.c(2854) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'MemoryHeader' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\uhcipei\uhcpeim.c(2930) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'NewMemoryHeader' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\uhcipei\uhcpeim.c(686) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DataMap' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\uhcipei\uhcpeim.c(449) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DataMap' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\xhcipei\usbhcmem.c(90) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Mapping' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\xhcipei\xhcisched.c(1302) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'EvtTrb' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\xhcipei\xhcisched.c(1091) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'EvtTrb' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\uhcipei\uhcpeim.c(2854) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'MemoryHeader' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\uhcipei\uhcpeim.c(2930) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'NewMemoryHeader' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\uhcipei\uhcpeim.c(686) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DataMap' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\uhcipei\uhcpeim.c(449) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'DataMap' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\xhcipei\usbhcmem.c(90) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Mapping' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\xhcipei\xhcisched.c(1302) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'EvtTrb' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\xhcipei\xhcisched.c(1091) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'EvtTrb' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\ufs\ufsblockiopei\ufshcmem.c(81) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Mapping' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\ufs\ufsblockiopei\ufshcmem.c(81) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Mapping' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\xhcidxe\xhcisched.c(2310) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'EvtTrb' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\xhcidxe\xhcisched.c(2100) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'EvtTrb' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\ufs\ufspassthrudxe\ufspassthruhci.c(980) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'CmdDescMapping' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\ufs\ufspassthrudxe\ufspassthruhci.c(980) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'CmdDescMapping' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\xhcidxe\xhcisched.c(2310) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'EvtTrb' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\xhcidxe\xhcisched.c(2100) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'EvtTrb' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\sd\emmcblockiopei\emmchcmem.c(81) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Mapping' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\sd\sdblockiopei\sdhcmem.c(81) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Mapping' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\sd\emmcblockiopei\emmchcmem.c(81) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Mapping' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\sd\sdblockiopei\sdhcmem.c(81) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'Mapping' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\pcibusdxe\pcienumeratorsupport.c(164) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'PciIoDevice' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\mdemodulepkg\bus\pci\pcibusdxe\pcienumeratorsupport.c(164) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'PciIoDevice' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\networkpkg\application\ipsecconfig\policyentryoperation.c(1241) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'FileHandle' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\networkpkg\wificonnectionmanagerdxe\wificonnectionmgrhiiconfigaccess.c(1685) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'TempData' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\networkpkg\httpbootdxe\httpbootsupport.c(1248) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'FilePath' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\networkpkg\httpbootdxe\httpbootconfig.c(630) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'MacString' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\networkpkg\application\ipsecconfig\policyentryoperation.c(1241) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'FileHandle' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\networkpkg\wificonnectionmanagerdxe\wificonnectionmgrhiiconfigaccess.c(1685) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'TempData' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\networkpkg\httpbootdxe\httpbootsupport.c(1248) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'FilePath' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\networkpkg\httpbootdxe\httpbootconfig.c(630) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'MacString' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\networkpkg\ip6dxe\ip6confignv.c(2001) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'MacString' used
d:\allpkg\edk2\networkpkg\ip6dxe\ip6confignv.c(2001) : warning C4701: potentially uninitialized local variable 'MacString' used
